# The Brissy Project#

This README documents the necessary steps to get the application up and running.
 
The objective of this repository is to maintain and manage the source code of the project in which we are developing the BI-Strategy-Marketing modeller/classifier based on the Prof. Dr. Mitsuru Yanaze's theory.
Through this tool, our clients may have more precise insights on their business.
The source code is stored in bitbucket and the platform is maintained in heroku PaaS.
 

The project is currently in its pre beta version, i.e., It is still a premature prototype.

# Development Environment SETUP #

There are two options:

## 1-) Development on VM ##

Just download the VM in the www.hiojo.com and code.

The project is on the folder named Brissy-DevelopmentEnvironment

## 2-) Development on own machine ##
If one prefer to develop inhouse, one must then install the following software:

* Ruby 2.1.5 https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/documentation/installation/

* Bundler 1.9.7 http://bundler.io/

* heroku-toolbelt https://toolbelt.heroku.com/

* Git https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git

All other necessary software will be installed via pip with the command bundler install .

After Ruby, Bundler, heroku-toolbelt and git are all installed locally one must clone the application from heroku, which is supposed to be syncd with the bitbucket repository.

git clone https://git.heroku.com/othsys-test.git
Install all necessary libraries to run the application
####bundler install####

Test if the application is running, go to the working directory and type:

python manage.py runserver

Type 127.0.0.1:3000 in you browser and check if it is ok. So far, you must get a database error, it is natural. It happens because you haven't setup the database.

#Dependencies#
All applications dependencies are within the Gemfile

#Database configuration#
The database must be setup locally, hence one must run the following commands:
To create the models' tables in the database from the migration's folders
#### rake db:create ####
#### rake db:migrate ####

# Running the Server #
In order to get the server running locally, type:
#### rails server
# Deployment instructions #
In order to deploy source code updates one must use:
#### git add [file updated]

or 
#### git add . 
to add all files in folder
#### git commit -m "comment on push"####
#### git push heroku master####

# Team #

Vítor Reis (Project Master) reis.vitore@gmail.com